welcome everyone this is zany Ben Zayn
kicks so my last video on the 2015 hair
sevens I asked if anyone wanted me to do
a comparison with the countdown pack
version and a few people requested it so
here we go now right off the bat here's
some general info on both pairs and
let's get right into it so we'll start
off with the outsoles
and as you can see the color blocking is
identical we're just a few slight
differences in shade and just in case
that does not show up all on camera I'll
point those things out for you so with
the jump man on the CDP pair it is a
little lighter than the 2015's and also
the canary yellow the redhead and even a
bit of the lime green on the CDP pair
it's a bit duller than the 2015 here
they have a bit more pop to them but you
wouldn't really know what I said unless
you were like right up to the shoe but
you can go either way neither pair is a
deal-breaker in this respect so let's
move right along now as for the tongue
on each shoe the color combination is
different and the type of neoprene
material used is identical now on the
back the colors are the same and the way
that the sevens are facing as well as
the way that the 23's are leaning as you
can see it's the same on both sides now
here we have the stitched in Jumpman now
on the CDP pair it is lighter but the
2015 pair the stitching has a lot more
detail to it as you can see here you can
see each of his fingers whereas here you
just see the thumb so this one does look
a lot better than the CDP pair so just a
few more things to point out and the
next two are what most people are
curious about the first being the white
leather upper now on the mm
fifteen pair it is slightly softer but
not by much
barely noticeable between the two pairs
in terms of the quality of the white
leather the second thing is the new buck
now on both pairs the new buck is
buttery smooth really impressive I
thought they did a great job with it but
the slight edge goes to the CDP pair
because it's just a little bit softer
and smoother and the last thing I wanted
to mention in this shot is these Peaks
the white Peaks as you can see on the
CDP pair they used a pearl white gloss
on the peaks whereas on the 2015 pair
it's just simple white paint to match
the white midsole so I definitely give
the edge to the CDP pair on that one so
the last two things I wanted to point
out is that on the CDP pair you have
these chrome laced tips with the Jumpman
on each one and on the 2015 pair is just
simple clear plastic latest tips and the
insoles with the CDP pair I will post a
side video for each one just in case
it's difficult to see but the CDP pair
you have the patch for the count down
packs and on the 2015 pair which most
people were shocked when they heard
about it you have the Nike Air logo so
that concludes my comparison video now I
was asked which pair do I prefer more
and I have to give the slight edge to
the CDP pair only because of the few
slight differences like the use of the
chrome laced tips and the pearl white
paint on the peaks but all in all both
pairs were really well done you can't go
wrong with either pair and it just
depends on your personal preference so I
do hope that this comparison
video did help you if you still have any
questions or comments feel free to post
them down below you know I always look
forward to seeing what you have to say
if you enjoyed the video please give it
a thumbs up most importantly thank you
for watching thank you for the continued
support and until next time take care